---
title: "2023-09-16"
subtitle: "I missed the y2k revival"
date: 2023-09-16
draft: false
description: "I missed the y2k revival"
tags:
    - usedteslas
    - stripe
    - y2k
    - indie
    - culture
    - youth
    - aesthetic
    - generation
    - genz
    - millennial
id: 01HAGDH8A9XG8D04H3ZCN736R6
---

Since 2019 I've been going on and on about how the y2k aesthetic is going to make a revival, and a big comeback. I'm only realising now that I was right. I was right in the worst possible way. I had foresight into this (me and many others, I wasn't _that_ early to the game) but didn't act on it at all. I was reminded today that I had discussed this a few years ago, and a friend and I were going to try and make a wikipedia page or two to start categorising this new aesthetic and document it, early doors. I don't want to check if it's already been done, because I'm sure it has. If I recall correctly something had been done back then too, but it wasn't very mature. This isn't an anecdote and I won't be able to say I was there when, because I wasn't. The generation that are revelling in the y2k revival aesthetic that has obsessed me for years, are younger than me. I'm only aware that this exists and is happening second hand. I missed it. And I love the idea of watching a culture expand; like a cultural voyeur staring at the infinite possibilities that is created when the youth of a day create something of their own from pieces they pick up from all around them. The last thing I really saw was the mid 2010s indie scene. The Wombats, Two Door Cinema Club, Cage the Elephant, Catfish and the Bottlemen. Beanies, canvas rucksacks, canvas everything. Lots of beige. Beige is a good way to describe how I felt about it all. I'd never go as far as to say I was born in the wrong generation; it's overdone. I missed seeing something cool though. And I probably will miss the next one. I think the only thing I can look forward to is seeing gen z get to where millennials are now. When I get to 40, and we'll see a group of people in shock that Gen z are all parents, and their lasting youth culture will look uncool and lazy.

Didn't write yesterday. Didn't work at all either. It's frustrating to not align with doing one thing everyday. Sometimes life just takes over. I've missed a fifth of the month so far but I've realised today how important it is that what I can do can be really small. If I'm exhausted and tired and shot, just do one tiny little task to keep things ticking over, to stop the loss of momentum. That's what I've done today. I've carried on with setting up the stripe implementation for used teslas. Just realised I've done it wrong too. The allocation of the stripe payment link, and the addition of a new listing should be done in an astro file, that redirects to the correct stripe listing. This shouldn't be done on the client. But I've got an idea on how to do the payment integration now which is great. There is lots of refactoring of code to do with the form. I need to clean stuff up, and I'm really learning how terrible my opinions on webdev and code structure are. In reality and proper self reflection this is my first real project, and I'm quickly understanding on why everyone does things in certain ways. Ways that I thought were needless before.

But I didn't do much. I'm tired and I think I have a sugar withdrawal from Thursdays food. I ate a lot of sugar probably 6x my daily average, and I don't feel great for it. Need to regulate that a bit better.
