---
title: "2023-10-09"
subtitle: "wisdom love and freckles"
date: 2023-10-09
draft: false
description: "wisdom love and freckles"
tags:
    - 
image: ""
id: 01HCB11YJ8EJAQKNEFKDJMMHK6
---

I think there is an argument to be made that market efficiency is dependent on upstream market inefficiency. That is to say that any market that is priced well and has lots of competition and choice, is always supplied by a market that is monopolised. I think it's very observable but I'm not really smart enough to come up with a reason why, or look into it.

I've been working on this site today, as promised. It has gone horribly. I've spent a very long time working out the best way to make an image gallery that can be used in astro really easily. I've ended up noticing a few quirks with astro and how it uses UI frameworks. When children are passed into a react component as the children prop, the first time this happens (in dev at least) it goes in as a list of "astro.jsx" objects. then it does it again passing in react components. But they can't easily be split into an array or anything, although this is a react issue. Also I've found that dynamic imports are unusable for what I'm trying to do, which is annoying. 

At the moment I'm just trying to wrap the images passed in as a child in a component that can show them in a dialog or something. Existing react solutions are horrible and I don't like them.

Hopefully I'll get a bit further tomorrow.

I've been thinking of starting an object storage service. I think using dedicated servers, specifically auctioned ones from hetzner I can provide really competitive $/Gb/mo. I don't really know what the software/development needed looks like right now though. But it's definitely worth a look. Not a huge market mind you.