---
title: "2023-10-03"
subtitle: "cats are more similar to cars than dogs according to clip"
date: 2023-10-03
draft: false
description: "cats are more similar to cars than dogs according to clip"
tags:
    - clip
    - coding
    - web
    - art
    - games
    - graphics
    - algorithms
    - programming
image: ""
id: 01HBVJ4K83FYZSXXHX3W06P98Q
---

THUNDERWOLF.
do u think it's worth me learning to code?

Me
Yeah, always for everyone. It's easy to get into and if you do the right thing it can be very rewarding 

THUNDERWOLF.
yeah I like coding 
what area do u think would be best to start

Me
Hard to say for me. I like programming to do things I wanna do. I like connecting big puzzle pieces and making systems work together, and I really believe the web is going to fully take over computers and software. 
So I like web stuff
Some people like algorithms that do things super quickly and efficiently in beautiful ways 
thats cool too
Some people like to make games, and do graphics processing, and that's a world I have no fingers in. Couldn't start explaining how it all works.
The games part. I've done a little bit of graphics processing but I struggle to wrap my head around it.
I like programming because it's like this big communal sandbox. You can make computers do loads and loads of stuff it's just a function of the time you put in. And when you start to do stuff you start to find problems that haven't got good solutions, and you can make them. 
and you find stuff that do have solutions and you can learn to use other peoples solutions 
And all this stuff is free and open for you to fuck around with. And if you come up with a solution to something that fixes something else, you can just implement that in their code and they'll merge it and suddenly you've contributed to code that thousands use every day. 
I don't really know how to tell people to start cause like for me the question has always been how can you not start. Most of my ideas come with how can this calculator help me do this, and how can I get it to do it quickly. And it's all fuelled my this desire to do things all the time. 

end of messages


Today I've been playing with getting image embeddings from clip in javascript. A while back I started a project based on getting Google arts and culture images. I think I might make a vector based web app with the data. I've got all the links in a sqlite database. Looking at getting some infra set up to do it all easily. Bouncing around between projects again but it's a good way to get into stuff.



