---
title: "2023-08-31"
subtitle: "nobody cares, sean"
date: 2023-08-31
draft: false
description: "Daily diary entry"
tags:
    - dream
    - ukraine
    - email
    - pulled pork
    - sunflower river blues
    - chemical brothers
    - aws
    - s3
    - cloudflare
id: 01H96PRBQ94BS8ZA8GGNMGT2CD
---

I had a dream I was at home in Ukraine. My great grandmother was still alive. All of my family were there. Everyone was tired and falling in and out of sleep. There were also some business executives there, and speaking to them I realised I was a business executive too, but with intense impostor syndrome. Following one outside to speak privately, as I tried to catch up and speak he kept ignoring me, I wanted to call out. But I couldn’t remember his name, for in the dream he didn’t have one. He just kept walking. I think it’s probably important to remember peoples names. 

I've been working on email again today. Trying to use S3 as a JSON store. Setting up S3 as just a json write dump is a bit of a bitch. You have to set up IAM and stuff idk. This will be a blog post I think; how to set up s3 to write to. From Cloudflare workers? I'm not sure. But now I can write email to a DB and s3 as backup. Very happy with this. Tomorrow just need to think about redirects.

Took the afternoon off work today, and didn't realise how much I needed it. I got home from the office at 1 and slept from 2 until 4:30. I felt like shit when I woke up though. Recovered throughout the evening and made pulled pork udon noodles. They were okay. Needed more flavour.

Sophie was learning Sunflower River Blues this afternoon and I tried it too. We've also realised that The Chemical Brothers are not good as extended background music.

