---
title: "2023-09-01"
subtitle: "'47 Cadillac Limousine"
date: 2023-09-01
draft: false
description: "Daily Diary Entry"
tags:
    - usedteslas
    - burnout
    - react
    - forms
    - astro
    - astrov3
    - vscode
    - spellcheck
    - music
    - melodysechochamber
    - crossmyheart
    - neopsychedelic
    - spotify
id: 01H99NDHMHWWQ4K6DHX3Y1TCG7
---

I'm burned out today. I've been working on usedteslas for about 7 hours with no breaks. My mind is racing faster than my thoughts now, struggling to keep up, with an immense anxiety. It's the feeling that would be cured by a good walk, but it's far too late for that now. I probably just need sleep.

Fuck forms in react. Making multi-page forms work and look good in code is a nightmare. I planned on implementing the redirect stuff for email today, thinking I could start by making an area for that setting on the dashboard. After starting the dashboard dev server, I thought I could put in a few fixes for the new listing form that I made a few weeks ago now, and then I realised the mess that I had made. The age old story of "I'll spend an hour on this and..."; one hour becomes seven. The form works well now. It's very clean, split into different routes, and there is preserved state, checking for unsaved changes etc etc. I'm happy with it. I'll move onto the email redirects next. I think it shouldn't be a hassle to implement, but needs some thought about UX.

I also upgraded to Astro v3, to take advantage of the react fast reload. I deleted node_modules and installed everything from scratch as npm i astro@latest was giving a load of dependency errors on npm that I didn't want to read.

I installed a spellcheck for vscode and it's great. Honestly couldn't have asked for more!

I don't really know what I've been thinking about today, mostly in a haze jumping from thought to thought without really paying attention to them or the outside world. I don't know where I was. I briefly considered the slow moving machine of large corporations and their inability to implement technical change at speed, and what point do fast moving startups transition into bureaucratic process hell. But I'm not sure.

Music has cured me this evening. Cross My Heart by Melody's Echo Chamber is a neo-psychedelic masterclass I found on spotify radio. It's beautiful.

