---
title: "2023-09-07"
subtitle: "September heat"
date: 2023-09-07
draft: false
description: "September heat"
tags:
    - functions
    - vercel
    - typescript
    - heat
    - illness
    - JSDoc
id: 01H9RJG41BJ98E26ABDTHJT9P0
---

I've missed a number of days, been ill and all, so here is my update for the last few:

On Tuesday I was looking at more infrastructure stuff for my functions platform. This will be the series for blog posts called "Make your own vercel" or something. The platform will allow you to run "edge" functions and lambda style functions. Ideally thousands on a single £5 server. In planning this I need to work out how to roll all this out, and just get stuff on there asap. Worry about IaC later. Even scaling should be an afterthought, I'm just conscious I don't want to make any decisions that will hold me back later, when I do scale. Storage is still a problem but with Hetzner's volumes I shouldn't have a problem.

Wednesday was gone, didn't do anything. Was a nothing day. Couldn't do much than lie in bed which was unbearable because of the heat.

Today I've been looking at more function stuff, and made a list of the different starting components I need to add. Will get to it this weekend I think. With some painting maybe?

Head has been a whirlwind, not really thinking about anything about anything in particular at all. The twitter (x) [typescript drama](https://github.com/hotwired/turbo/pull/971) has been interesting. It has really pushed me to think of a position to have on typescript. I think the arguments are solid, and I do really believe it's good. I just don't really want to learn it. Undefined is not a function isn't a problem I run into much. Maybe I'm still not good enough to appreciate static type checking. JSDoc seems cool. Verbose though.