---
title: "2023-09-04"
subtitle: "So hungry your heart hurts"
date: 2023-09-04
draft: false
description: "So hungry your heart hurts"
tags:
    - Monday
    - Function
    - faasd
    - workerd
    - "Impostor Syndrome"
    - Circumstance
    - Heatwave
    - Steak
    - Chips
    - Washing
    - Tidying
    - House
    - Work
    - Exhausted
    - Back-to-school
    - Circumstance
id: 01H9H9FYAR9NTRQTD1MMV00A78
---

It's a Monday, so mundane.

Struggled to do anything interesting today. As part of my do something every day I have been looking into the functions platform again. Starting to build a design of it and how workerd will integrate. It's nice to start things again without setting big targets, just doing what I can.

Today, after work, I spent my time tidying the house and doing washing. Had steak and chips for dinner. Steak was undercooked, but good. Maybe a bit blue. Then I saw the time and it was 9pm. Exhausted mostly because of the heat I think. The back-to-school heatwave has hit, and has taken everyone by surprise. It's very warm and due to get warmer. Not great news for working at home, nor for the planet. 

Maybe all I've been thinking about today is impostor syndrome and the victims of circumstance. Not mine, but others. People who succeed the things they didn't think they can do. I think you can tell who these people are very clearly, just from sight. Sometimes they strut, talk too much, yell, or are sickly nice. It's all a compensation for the fact that they don't believe in themselves. The construction of a facade to hide their own circumstance. It's those who refuse to acknowledge the circumstances that unfolded their lives into this place, because we live in society that favours those who believe they worked to create their life. I don't think they can be happy, because there is always more life to prove they can make. There is a paradox somewhere about the arrogance and the insecurity. I don't know where; the thought is still fleeting.